Documentation for bucket ownership features in Data Prepper 2.4 (#4679)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/s3.md

## Configuration

You can use the following options to configure the `s3` source.

Option | Required | Type     | Description
:--- | :--- |:---------| :---
notification_type | Yes | String   | Must be `sqs`.
compression | No | String   | The compression algorithm to apply: `none`, `gzip`, or `automatic`. Default value is `none`.
codec | Yes | Codec    | The [codec](#codec) to apply. 
sqs | Yes | sqs      | The SQS configuration. See [sqs](#sqs) for details.
aws | Yes | aws      | The AWS configuration. See [aws](#aws) for details.
on_error | No | String   | Determines how to handle errors in Amazon SQS, either `retain_messages` or `delete_messages`. `retain_messages`, leaves the message in the Amazon SQS queue and tries to send the message again later. This is recommended for dead-letter queues. `delete_messages` deletes any failed messages. Default is `retain_messages`.
buffer_timeout | No | Duration | The amount of time allowed for for writing events to the Data Prepper buffer before timeout occurs. Any events that the Amazon S3 source cannot write to the buffer in this time will be discarded. Default value is 10 seconds.

> records_to_accumulate | No | Integer  | The number of messages that accumulate before writing to the buffer. Default value is 100.

Reviewer: Yes

> records_to_accumulate | No | Integer  | The number of messages that accumulate before writing to the buffer. Default value is 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
records_to_accumulate | No | Integer  | The number of messages that accumulate before writing to the buffer. Default value is `100`.
```

If your S3 objects or Amazon SQS queues do not use [AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)](https://aws.amazon.com/kms/), remove the `kms:Decrypt` permission.

## Cross-account S3 access

> 

Reviewer: Lets add the a_name to the top level section then. That way, we aren't breaking the rule of not having at least two subheadings for every heading when a subheading exists. I went ahead and made a commit for this.

### Bucket ownership<a name="s3_bucket_ownership"></a>

> When Data Prepper gets data from the S3 bucket, it verifies the ownership of the bucket using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Data Prepper fetches data from an S3 bucket, it verifies the ownership of the bucket using the [bucket owner condition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-owner-condition.html). By default, Data Prepper expects that an S3 bucket is owned by the same that owns the correlating SQS queue. When no SQS is provided, Data Prepper uses the ARN role in the `aws` configuration.
```

Author: I'm curious as the choice of "fetch" here. Amazon S3's API is called `GetObject`, so "get" seems closer to their API design. They also use the term "retrieve."

Reviewer: I'm okay sticking with get then.

[bucket owner condition](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-owner-condition.html).
By default, Data Prepper will expect that the S3 bucket is owned by the same account that owns the SQS queue.
If not SQS queue is provided, it will use the role ARN in the `aws` configuration.

> If you are using cross-account S3 access, you need to configure how Data Prepper checks this condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to ingest data from multiple S3 buckets but each bucket is associated with a different S3 account, you need to configure Data Prepper to check for cross-account S3 access, according to the following conditions.
```

> If all of your buckets are in one other account, you can specify the `default_bucket_owner` and set it to account Id of that account owning the other buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If all S3 buckets you want to data from belong to an account other than your own, set `default_bucket_owner` to the account ID of the account holder of the buckets.
```

> If your buckets are in multiple accounts, you should use the `bucket_owners` map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your S3 buckets are in multiple accounts, use a `bucket_owners` map.
```

> In this example, the SQS queue is owned by account `000000000000`. It will have data from two S3 buckets: `my-bucket-01` and `my-bucket-02`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the SQS queue is owned by account `000000000000`. The SQS queue contains data from two S3 buckets; `my-bucket-01` and `my-bucket-02`.

> These buckets are owned by different accounts - `my-bucket-01` is owned by `123456789012` and `my-bucket-02` is owned by `999999999999`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `my-bucket-01` is owned by `123456789012` and `my-bucket-02` is owned by `999999999999`, the `bucket_owners` map calls both bucket owners with their account IDs, as shown in the following configuration:
```

You can configure Data Prepper using the following.

```
s3:
  sqs:
      queue_url: "https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/000000000000/MyQueue"
  bucket_owners:
    my-bucket-01: 123456789012
    my-bucket-02: 999999999999
```

You can use both the `bucket_owners` and `default_bucket_owner` together.

## Configuration

You can use the following options to configure the `s3` source.

Option | Required | Type     | Description
:--- | :--- |:---------| :---
notification_type | Yes | String   | Must be `sqs`.
compression | No | String   | The compression algorithm to apply: `none`, `gzip`, or `automatic`. Default value is `none`.
codec | Yes | Codec    | The [codec](#codec) to apply. 

> sqs | Yes | sqs      | The SQS configuration. See [sqs](#sqs) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sqs | Yes | SQS | The SQS configuration. See [sqs](#sqs) for details.
```

Author: I think the lowercase `sqs` makes sense here because it is related to the `sqs` configuration which is linked below.

Also, this is not related to the current PR.

> aws | Yes | aws      | The AWS configuration. See [aws](#aws) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aws | Yes | AWS | The AWS configuration. See [aws](#aws) for details.
```

Author: I think the lowercase `aws` makes sense here because it is related to the `aws` configuration which is linked below.

Also, this is not related to the current PR.

> on_error | No | String   | Determines how to handle errors in Amazon SQS. Can be either `retain_messages` or `delete_messages`. If `retain_messages`, then Data Prepper will leave the message in the Amazon SQS queue and try again. This is recommended for dead-letter queues. If `delete_messages`, then Data Prepper will delete failed messages. Default value is `retain_messages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on_error | No | String   | Determines how to handle errors in Amazon SQS, either `retain_messages` or `delete_messages`. `retain_messages`, leaves the message in the Amazon SQS queue and tries to send the message again later. This is recommended for dead-letter queues. `delete_messages` deletes any failed messages. Default is `retain_messages`.
```

buffer_timeout | No | Duration | The amount of time allowed for for writing events to the Data Prepper buffer before timeout occurs. Any events that the Amazon S3 source cannot write to the buffer in this time will be discarded. Default value is 10 seconds.
records_to_accumulate | No | Integer  | The number of messages that accumulate before writing to the buffer. Default value is 100.

> metadata_root_key | No | String   | Base key for adding S3 metadata to each Event. The metadata includes the key and bucket for each S3 object. Defaults to `s3/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadata_root_key | No | String   | The base key for adding S3 metadata to each event. The metadata includes the key and bucket for each S3 object. Defaults to `s3/`.
```

> default_bucket_owner | No | String   | An AWS account Id to use as the default account when checking bucket ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default_bucket_owner | No | String   | An AWS account ID to use as the default account when checking bucket ownership.
```

> bucket_owners | No | Map      | A map of S3 bucket names to AWS account Ids. When provided, the `s3` source will validate the bucket is owned by the account. This allows for using buckets in multiple accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bucket_owners | No | Map      | A map of S3 bucket names to their AWS account IDs. When provided, the `s3` source validates that the bucket is owned by the account. This allows for using buckets from multiple accounts.
```

> disable_bucket_ownership_validation | No | Boolean  | If `true`, the S3Source will not attempt to validate that the bucket is owned by the expected account. By default, this is the same account that owns the Amazon SQS queue, but see [bucket ownership](#s3_bucket_ownership) for more details. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disable_bucket_ownership_validation | No | Boolean  | When `true`, the S3 source does not attempt to validate that the bucket is owned by the expected account. By default, this is the same account that owns the Amazon SQS queue. For more information on bucket ownership, see [Cross-account S3 access](#cross-account-s3-access). Defaults to `false`.
```

> acknowledgments | No | Boolean  | If `true`, enables `s3` sources to receive [end-to-end acknowledgments]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/pipelines/#end-to-end-acknowledgments) when events are received by OpenSearch sinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
acknowledgments | No | Boolean  | When `true`, enables `s3` sources to receive [end-to-end acknowledgments]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/pipelines/#end-to-end-acknowledgments) when events are received by OpenSearch sinks.
```
